I received an offer
to enter a university to further my studies.
So my teachers
and friends tried to persuade me
to just take the offer.
Don’t miss out on this golden opportunity.
After we returned home
from preaching or from meetings,
women from our neighborhood
used to come to our home
and say things like:
“Why are you doing this to your child?
“She is such a good girl,
“and she studies so well.
“So why can’t you
send her to a good college?”
So I asked myself,
‘What would I like to do with my life?’
When I saw brothers and sisters
moving into my congregation
to assist in the field ministry,
this helped me to set and pursue
spiritual goals
so that I could eventually
pioneer in my congregation.
In all things, my father always helped us
to view Jehovah as a real person.
Also, as for my mother,
she serves as a regular pioneer.
She shares the experiences she has had
and the joy she has felt in the ministry.
So soon after completing high school,
I started pioneering.
To live a simple life,
I work on a vegetable farm.
And this work provides me
with income that is just sufficient.
Even though this work is difficult and tiring,
when I go out to preach
and when I meet with the Bible students
as well as the young ones
who love and appreciate the Bible truth,
it refreshes my heart
to see them—their desire
and their eagerness
to learn about the Bible.
Jeremiah 29:11 helped me to overcome
pressures from others
with the firm belief that Jehovah
is thinking of giving me a nice future
and a beautiful hope.
Now I have four Bible studies,
and my father,
who is not a Witness,
also regularly attends meetings
and studies the Bible.
All these blessings have helped me to see
that this life provides
true satisfaction and true happiness.
Choosing to serve Jehovah
was the best decision
I have made in my life.